---
title: "Books I’ve enjoyed between a lockdown and a red zone"
date: 2021-01-03T17:31:22+02:00
draft: false
toc: false
images:
tags:
  - books
---

2020 for sure has been an unconventional year. Humanity has been hit by a catastrophe and people habits have changed a lot. Spending most time at home for some has been uncomfortable, for others like me, working in IT, not that much has been changed to be honest. Despite difficulties to see friends and hang for a beer or being distant from family, it’s not that I spend too much time distant from my laptop or guitars.

After work usually I spend my spare time studing guitar, reading tech books or experimenting with side projects.

Here are some of the books I’ve enjoyed this year.

  * SWDMA – It explains lot of modes you can hear on HF frequencies
  * Bootkits and Rootkits – It talks about low level threats in BIOS and UEFI
  * SDR for Engineers – If you’re curious about what’s going on your software defined radio dongle
  * Digital Modulations Using MATLAB – Contains the basic of modulation and simulation using MATLAB, stuff like FSK, PSK etc…
  * DSP for Engineers – If you want to understand about FFT, filters and other funny stuff between time and frequency domains
  * The Rust Programming Language – If you want to dig deep in Rust
  * BPF Performance Tools – A great book about Linux Kernel BPF subsystem
  * Legato Guitar Technique Mastery – This book like the others written by Chris Brooks is really awesome if you want to seriously improve on guitar
  * Global Radio Guide (Summer Edition) – Don’t miss the new Winter Edition too if you like news from the radio world
  * 100 Arpeggio Licks for Shred Guitar – Another great book by Chris Brooks
  * Melodic Minor Cookbook – Really helpful mastering this scale on guitar, it will open you to new musical horizons
  * Creative Tapping for Modern Guitar – Tapping is cool!
  * Necronomicon – Do you like Lovecraft?

